To Adria 

Currently its 22:16 the 29 September 2026  I never write in my notes app but I can’t sleep for some reason…I am probably stressed about tomorrow (i have a meeting ) so I am gonna write this in advance 🙂 we played val today and it was nice to be around u again and yes I am horrible with dates especially when jan asked if i forgot his ( i really did ) but again I would never ever forget yours.

Happy Birthdayy babyyy ❤️

I know i lost the privilege to call u that but let it go for today.

When we decided to break up earlier this year you said you wished I was around for your birthday. Secretly I also wished I did probably more than you did and maybe that’s why I really tried to keep in touch the whole time since it’s more of an important day to me than it is to you which is why I am writing all this. 

First of all , I wanna thank your beautiful mom (and dad) for being the main reason u are here ( especially ur mom 😏) they did an amazing job.

Second of all , thank you for being you this whole time , I know our time was cut short but you gave me so much love and warmth that I never knew I was deeply craving and for that I will always be grateful to you. 

Regardless of our differences and the misunderstandings we went through, I want you to know that you are the most beautiful thought that my mind thinks of when I have nothing to worry or think about, for some reason it just puts me at ease and I hope u realize how great of human you are and give yourself grace when it’s needed.
If someone were to ask me today why I still adore you so much I don’t think I could come up with an answer honestly , your personality, your looks how your mind works how fragile you can get your moments of jealousy your laugh … the list is endless and though I can’t offer you much I wanted to remind you today that you deserve much more love than I ever gave you . I am happy  you were my first and I still wish you would be my last maybe in some crazy turn of events or a parallel universe.

I am sorry if I ever caused you harm intentionally or unintentionally tho you know u are the last person I’d ever want to make sad, and losing you is the biggest regret that i will keep with me my whole life. I am not saying it in the spur of the moment and definitely not to hear you say that I will eventually find someone or that I deserve better so please keep those thoughts to yourself.

I really wish you a happy life filled with warmth, joy and people who care deeply about you and are interested in knowing all your sides  including what the little adria thinks , likes and wants. 

I could go on and on till the end of times but I think I said enough to convey my thoughts and feelings. 

Will always love you rakas ❤️ Happy Birthday 

PS: tears were shed writing this so u lil shit better read every word carefully 

PSS: hope u had a great day today if not i can show u a good time 😏😏

PSSS: no am kidding 😂❤️
 Maybe not..